feat(autoexport): change WithFallback options signatures (#4891)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add client metric support to `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#4707)
- Add peer attributes to spans recorded by `NewClientHandler`, `NewServerHandler` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/google.golang.org/grpc/otelgrpc`. (#4873)

### Changed

> - Change the signature of the fallback options in  `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/exporters/autoexport` to accept a factory function instead. `WithFallbackMetricReader(exporter metric.Reader) MetricOption` method is now replaced with `func WithFallbackMetricReader(metricReaderFactory func(ctx context.Context) (metric.Reader, error)) MetricOption` method. `WithFallbackSpanExporter(exporter trace.SpanExporter) SpanOption` method is now replaced with `WithFallbackSpanExporter(spanExporterFactory func(ctx context.Context) (trace.SpanExporter, error)) SpanOption` method. (#4891)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The fallback options in  `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/exporters/autoexport` now accept factory functions. (#4891)
  - `WithFallbackMetricReader(metric.Reader) MetricOption` is replaced with `func WithFallbackMetricReader(func(ctx context.Context) (metric.Reader, error)) MetricOption`.
  - `WithFallbackSpanExporter(trace.SpanExporter) SpanOption` is replaced with `WithFallbackSpanExporter(func(ctx context.Context) (trace.SpanExporter, error)) SpanOption`.
```
